---
layout: post
title: On the move, joining GDS
categories: [Work]
tags: [GDS]
image: https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1200/1*sDffW5pluJKI9hRNN9G7Mg.png
---

<p class="lead">After a short time working in higher education student voice, it’s time to move on to my next adventure.
</p>
<!--more-->
It’s been quite a whirlwind 12 months; [graduating from my
degree](https://twitter.com/johnpauldickie/status/773568328497528832) at the
[University of Lincoln](http://lincoln.ac.uk/), spending a year as a full time
students’ union officer at [Lincoln SU](http://lincolnsu.com/) and moving to the
Bath in May to start a role coordinating [academic
representation](http://thesubath.com/academicreps) at [The SU
Bath](http://thesubath.com/) but today is my last day there.

![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1200/1*sDffW5pluJKI9hRNN9G7Mg.png){:class="img-fluid"}

On 5 September, I’ll be joining the [Government Digital
Service](http://gov.uk/gds) (GDS), [who are leading the digital transformation
of government](https://gds.blog.gov.uk/about/), part of the GOV.UK content
community team as Content Training Assistant.

I’ll be supporting the training that GDS runs for content designers
cross-government, communication and evaluation of training alongside building a
growing community. I’m really excited to be joining the team create, develop and
share experiences.

Although working in higher education, specifically on student voice and
representation in students’ unions, has been hugely rewarding to see the impact
that has been made, I’m taking a steer back to my degree along with the part of
my work I always enjoyed which was training and giving people new skills and
experiences.

I hope to pick back up writing at the same time once I’ve settled in my new home
city, writing about my experiences and goings on.
